Add instructions to download cncf.csv (#2)
srevereault/cncf-roulette: README.md

```pip install -r requirements.txt```

>  - Download the `csv` from the [CNCF Landscape Website](https://landscape.cncf.io/), click on the `Download as CSV` link

Author: ```suggestion
 - Go to the [CNCF Landscape Website](https://landscape.cncf.io/)
 - Select only projects (you can do it by opening [this link](https://landscape.cncf.io/card-mode?category=provisioning,runtime,orchestration-management,app-definition-and-development,platform,serverless,observability-and-analysis,wasm&grouping=category) directly
 - Click on the `Download as CSV` link
```
